refactor: new outline of docs (#299)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/getting-started/overview.md

# Getting Started

Begin to explore GreptimeDB's powerful core features.

## Install GreptimeDB

> You can try out GreptimeDB with our test builds released on [GitHub](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/releases) and [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/greptime/greptimedb). Note that GreptimeDB is currently under intense development, so these binaries are **not ready to be used in the production environment yet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can try out GreptimeDB with our test builds released on [Download page](https://greptime.com/download). Note that GreptimeDB is currently under intense development, so these binaries are **not ready to be used in the production environment yet**.
```

If you want to use another version of GreptimeDB's image, you can download it from our [GreptimeDB Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/greptime/greptimedb).

**Note**:

If you are using a Docker version lower than [v23.0](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/23.0/), you may experience problems with insufficient permissions when trying to run the command above, due to a [bug](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/42681) in the older version of Docker Engine.

You can:

1. Set  `--security-opt seccomp=unconfined`, for example:

   ```shell
   docker run --security-opt seccomp=unconfined -p 4000-4004:4000-4004 \
   -p 4242:4242 -v "$(pwd)/greptimedb:/tmp/greptimedb" \
   --name greptime --rm \
   greptime/greptimedb standalone start \
   --http-addr 0.0.0.0:4000 \
   --rpc-addr 0.0.0.0:4001 \
   --mysql-addr 0.0.0.0:4002 \
   --postgres-addr 0.0.0.0:4003 \
   --prom-addr 0.0.0.0:4004 \
   --opentsdb-addr 0.0.0.0:4242
   ```

2. Upgrade the Docker version to v23.0.0 or higher;

## Connect

GreptimeDB supports [multiple protocols](/user-guide/clients.md). We use MySQL client here for simplicity.

```sql
mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -P 4002
```

## Create table

> Let's start by creating the `system_metrics` table which contains system resource metrics, including CPU/memory/disk usage. The data is scraped every 5 seconds.

Reviewer 2: We can add a note here saying we support automatically creating tables when using InfluxDB, Prometheus remote write, and OpentsDB protocol.

Author: we can add a link to Table Management where described creating table automatically.

Reviewer 2: @nicecui All right, that would be cool. I am just concerned that the users may think we are a strong schema database, but in fact, is not. So maybe we can say that we are a schema-less database and link to table management.

Author: A note with the table management link has added after creating table in getting started chapter, and the automatically creating has been emphasized in the table management chapter.
